Add explanation for MapKeys (#182)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-10-ReceivedVaults.md

#### LSP10VaultsMap

> References owned [LSP9Vaults](./LSP-9-Vault.md). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a vault is present in the `LSP10Vaults[]` array without looping all over it on-chain, and identify where the vault address is located for easy access to change or remove this specific vault from the array. It also allows for the detection of the interfaceId supported by the vault.

Reviewer: suggested changes with Grammarly

```suggestion
References owned [LSP9Vaults](./LSP-9-Vault.md). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a vault is present in the `LSP10Vaults[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP10Vaults[]` the vault address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific vault from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the vault.
```

> References owned [LSP9Vaults](./LSP-9-Vault.md). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a vault is present in the `LSP10Vaults[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP10Vaults[]` the vault address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific vault from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the vault.

Reviewer 2: Typo in `dectecting` -> `detecting`.

Reviewer 2: The same applies to explanations in other standards.

Author: Pointed by grammarly will change it to: `Finally, it also allows the detection of the interface`

> References owned [LSP9Vaults](./LSP-9-Vault.md). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a vault is present in the `LSP10Vaults[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP10Vaults[]` the vault address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific vault from the array. Finally, it also allows dectecting the interface supported by the vault.

Author: ```suggestion
References owned [LSP9Vaults](./LSP-9-Vault.md). This data key exists so that smart contracts can detect whether the address of a vault is present in the `LSP10Vaults[]` array without looping all over it on-chain. Moreover, it helps to identify at which index in the `LSP10Vaults[]` the vault address is located for easy access and to change or remove this specific vault from the array. Finally, it also allows the detection of the interface supported by the vault.
```
